add cardano wallet connector trait definition (#106)
input-output-hk/sc-dev-platform: doc/kubevela-definitions/cardano/cardano-wallet-connector.md

# Cardano Wallet Connector trait

## Overview

> The Cardano Wallet Connector trait in KubeVela serves as a pass-through between your application and the Cardano wallet, using specific application characteristics and properties.

Reviewer: What does "serves as a pass-through" mean here? What "specific application characteristics and properties"?

Author: this was too generic.

gonna write down in a simple way.

The ***required*** parameter for implementing this trait is:
 - `network`: Defines the network choice for the Cardano Wallet. The available options are "preview", "preprod" and "mainnet".

> The *Recreate* deployment strategy has been defined as the default strategy for this trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the `cardano-wallet` stores its state in a persistent volume, this trait sets [Recreate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#recreate-deployment) as the default deployment strategy.
```

Author: as we override it, i've updated to:

Because the `cardano-wallet` stores its state in a persistent volume, this trait sets [Recreate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#recreate-deployment) as its deployment strategy.

Author: i'll put it as resolved but feel free to add a suggestion as you wish.

> This configuration effectively attaches specific volumes to each container that is part of your application. Also, a `socat` container bridges the Cardano Wallet and the Cardano Node by utilizing TCP Socket over a UNIX Socket.

Reviewer: These implementation details don't belong in the "overview", and probably not in the user docs at all. Can probably just say something like "This configuration makes a cardano-wallet instance available for your application"
